this episode how to make doll chess
they're so fun you can try it in
different colors the materials are
popsicle sticks scissors felts a hot
glue stick and a hot glue gun first of
all yeah a popsicle sticks and lay them
out to be an X get your pen and mark the
edge then get a holt glue stick and put
a dab on the line and glue the popsicle
stick on top
you need two copies of this so lay one
popsicle stick on top of that but do not
glue it and then get your hot glue gun
and glue it at that tip after that glue
the popsicle stick on top now you have
two x's now get anything that straight
and mock off the tips so that we can cut
them and then cut off the tips
and now cut the tips of a popsicle stick
measure your exes and lay that popsicle
stick over and measure it and mark it
then cut it put glue on the edges and
glue them on the exes
and do this to both sides now there is
two sides of the point cut off one side
of the point
now get your felt and measure it on your
seats cut out your measurement
and then glue it on to your chair
put glue on the edge and glue it
underneath the chair and it will look
something like this and now you might
want to take hot glue and put it on that
popsicle stick
fold the felts over so it is stuck to
the popsicle stick and now you need to
fold over the felt and put glue on that
piece of popsicle stick and fold over
the felts but make sure that there is a
slight angle there so the dolls when
they sit down it can be soft trim off
the excess put some hot glue on the
felts and fold it over
and that piece of the seat is done
now get two popsicle sticks and cut off
the ends so they're flat get the chair
and help pull hot glue on the edge of
the popsicle stick and glue them onto
the chair
so it's like this get your doll and
measure where you need to cut off the
popsicle stick and cut them off
lay it on the felt and cut off your felt
put glue on your felt and stick it to
the popsicle stick at the back and then
put hug glue at the front of the
popsicle stick and lay the belt over the
glue fold the felt back and put glue at
the popsicle stick it fold over the felt
and now get your scissors and trim off a
little bit of the axis and put hot glue
on the back of the popsicle stick and
lay it over and you're done